Fixed broken links to our Patch Upgrade doc (#207)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/v0.23/06_manage-astronomer/06_apply-platform-config.md

To configure these settings, follow the steps below.

> > **Note:** If you're interested in upgrading Astronomer to a new version of the platform, read [Upgrade to a Patch Version](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/upgrade-patch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you're interested in upgrading to the latest Astronomer v0.23 patch version, read [Upgrade to a Patch Version of Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/upgrade-patch).
```
